# STACK Researchers' Network: Meeting on 20 January 2025

## Participants

 - George Kinnear (GK)
 - Andreas Steiger (AS)
 - Chris Sangwin (CS)
 - Guido Pinkernell (GP)
 - Herine Otieno (HO)
 - Ian Jones (IJ)
 - Juliet Ojiako (JO)
 - Juma Zevick (JZ)
 - Lucy Weggler (LW)
 - Motognon Wastalas Dogbalou (MWD)

## Introductions

The meeting started with introductions.

- George Kinnear (GK) uses STACK in his teaching and has been combining that with research on how students use STACK.
- Ian Jones (IJ) has been researching different forms of feedback delivered through STACK.
- Chris Sangwin (CS) is the lead developer of STACK, and has a keen interest in research about how STACK is used.
- Andreas Steiger (AS) shared that he wants to delve into quantitative research and understand the learning of first-year engineers. 
- Lucy Weggler (LW) mentioned that she uses STACK and is interested in AI and feedback, particularly in how the order of questions can best facilitate learning.
- Juma Zevick (JZ) shared that he has recently set up a stack in linear algebra at Trieste.
- Guido Pinkernell (GP) shared that he has been using STACK with secondary school maths and has been introducing GeoGebra into STACK. He is particularly interested in exploring different types of feedback. He also raised a discussion on how STACK can be used for questions and feedback, focusing on its affordances and constraints. 
- Motognon Wastalas Dogbalou (MWD) mentioned that he is based at the University of Trieste. He is interested in machine learning and aims to understand common errors made by learners.

## Aims of the Network

George Kinnear (GK), who was chairing the meeting, opened a discussion about the aims of the group.

- Ian Jones (IJ) suggested exploring a different approach to STACK. Given the widespread experimentation and design work by users, he proposed adopting methods from citizen science to enhance STACK research.
- George Kinnear (GK) highlighted part of the aims of the group, which include updating case studies, logging, and promoting STACK publications.
- Guido Pinkernell (GP) supported this aim, emphasizing the importance of generating research ideas from the wider community, including contributions from PhD students.
- Chris Sangwin (CS) proposed creating links to support researchers, organizing meetings to present ideas, encouraging data collection, and considering cultural differences in STACK usage. He stressed the importance of collecting the right data and raised points about ethics, open-source science, and good practices such as pre-registration.
- Andreas Steiger (AS) volunteered to moderate Zulip, assuming it is used as a mailing list. It was discussed whether a confidential mailing list is necessary, but the group decided that the community is professional and trustworthy, so this is not required.
- Ian Jones (IJ) suggested that a PhD student could take on the role of maintaining a bibliography, as this aligns with their usual work. 
- George and Chris will investigate options for a more streamlined system, but in the meantime publications should be submitted to Chris Sangwin (CS) in BibTeX format so that they can be added to https://docs.stack-assessment.org/content/stack_publications.pdf

## Planning activities

- George Kinnear (GK) discussed the upcoming STACK conference and suggested organizing a researchers' network event. The group deliberated whether this event should avoid clashing with any professionals' network event and if it should be an exclusive gathering or open to general participants.
- Andreas Steiger (AS) suggested that a lightning talk could provide a way to invite attendees to reach out for support with their research.
- Guido Pinkernell (GP) discussed the possibility of attendees meeting in small groups or exploring other ways to collaborate effectively.
- George Kinnear (GK) committed to drafting a proposal for the conference and circulating it among the group for feedback.
- Chris Sangwin (CS) suggested holding regular, short meetings to maintain momentum and facilitate ongoing collaboration.
- The group agreed to meet again in two weeks, and thereafter to have monthly online meetings.
